Additions to Windows, Chromeos and Linux Articles (#55)
MiahaCybersec/netrunner.academy: src/content/docs/os-security/windows.mdx

| Validate Image Dependency Integrity | App Level |
| Validate Stack Integrity            | App Level |

## Application execution restrictions

> Windows offers [Smart App Control](https://support.microsoft.com/en-us/topic/what-is-smart-app-control-285ea03d-fa88-4d56-882e-6698afdb7003) and [AppLocker](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/windows/security/application-security/application-control/windows-defender-application-control/applocker/applocker-overview), the latter being a cutomizeable and user-configured over gpedit. Both of these have approaches ahve an essential flaw, the Application developers do not comply. Both of the tools rely on the assumption that developers properly sign their applications, which is not the case, even years after the functionality has been provided. Even very large Organizations might not do so properly. This results in either Applications not working, or requires lax permissions like allowing exes from a certain folder to be executed without restrictions, so even a security-minded user cannot fully utilize these tools. Needless to say, this can easily be abused by malware and is similar to how Flatpak sandboxing isn't perfect, which is described in the [Article on Linux](https://github.com/MiahaCybersec/netrunner.academy/blob/main/src/content/docs/os-security/linux.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Windows offers [Smart App Control](https://support.microsoft.com/en-us/topic/what-is-smart-app-control-285ea03d-fa88-4d56-882e-6698afdb7003) and [AppLocker](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/windows/security/application-security/application-control/windows-defender-application-control/applocker/applocker-overview), the latter being cutomizeable and user-configurable over gpedit. Both of these approaches have a common flaw; the Application developers do not comply. Both of the tools rely on the assumption that developers properly sign their applications, which is not the case, even years after the functionality has been provided. Even very large Organizations might not do so properly. This results in either Applications not working, or requires lax permissions like allowing exes from a certain folder to be executed without restrictions, so even a security-minded user cannot fully utilize these tools. Needless to say, this can easily be abused by malware and is similar to how Flatpak sandboxing isn't perfect, which is described in the [Article on Linux](https://github.com/MiahaCybersec/netrunner.academy/blob/main/src/content/docs/os-security/linux.md).
```
